One common problem you'll have when using Cursor Composer is that sometimes it can cause errors in your
code further along down the line, or potentially it removes features as you're working in composer
sessions.
Now, we've simulated a bunch of errors here, and I'm going to accept all these changes.
And we're going to break the code.
So you can see here we've got a non-existent function.
And we've also got some type errors here.
Now when I try and load the next application this will then cause a bug and an error.
And this is a bad thing because over time as you're using composer, sometimes it can take features
out or cause errors inside of your code.
So how can you easily revert back to a previous point within the composer session so that your code
works?
Cursor has introduced this concept of checkpoints, so if you look on the right hand side you can see
we've got a checkpoint here.
And we've also got a checkpoint as well here.
So you can check out for example, if we go back here we can then reset all the files to this by clicking
the checkout.
Now if we have a look here, you'll see that all of the files have gone back.
And so this is a nice easy way that you can easily revert back to a previous point in a composer session
to avoid regressions or bugs within your code.
Again, just to clarify, all you're doing is you're basically clicking on the on the checkpoints.
So you can see here we've got checkpoints and you're clicking on that checkout button.
And the checkout button allows you to reset all files to this point in the conversation.